=pod

=encoding UTF-8

=head1 NAME

Dist::Zilla::Plugin::CheckLib - Require that our distribution has a particular library available

=head1 VERSION

version 0.005

=head1 SYNOPSIS

In your F<dist.ini>:

    [CheckLib]
    lib = jpeg
    header = jpeglib.h

=head1 DESCRIPTION

This is a L<Dist::Zilla> plugin that modifies the F<Makefile.PL> or
F<Build.PL> in your distribution to contain a L<Devel::CheckLib> call, that
asserts that a particular library and/or header is available.  If it is not
available, the program exits with a status of zero, which on a
L<CPAN Testers|cpantesters.org> machine will result in a NA result.

=for Pod::Coverage mvp_multivalue_args register_prereqs munge_files setup_installer

=head1 CONFIGURATION OPTIONS

All options are as documented in L<Devel::CheckLib>:

=head2 C<lib>

A string with the name of a single library name. Can be used more than once.
Depending on the compiler found, library names will be fed to the compiler
either as C<-l> arguments or as C<.lib> file names. (e.g. C<-ljpeg> or
C<jpeg.lib>)

=head2 C<libpath>

Additional path to search for libraries. Can be used more than once.

=head2 C<LIBS>

A L<ExtUtils::MakeMaker>-style space-separated list of libraries (each preceded by C<-l>) and directories (preceded by C<-L>).

=head2 C<debug>

If true, emit information during processing that can be used for debugging.
B<Note>: as this is an arbitrary string that is inserted directly into
F<Makefile.PL> or F<Build.PL>, this can be any arbitrary expression,
for example:

    [CheckLib]
    debug = $ENV{AUTOMATED_TESTING} || $^O eq 'MSWin32'

=head2 C<header>

The name of a single header file name. Can be used more than once.

=head2 C<incpath>

An additional path to search for headers. Can be used more than once.

=head2 C<INC>

=for stopwords incpaths

A L<ExtUtils::MakeMaker>-style space-separated list of incpaths, each preceded by C<-I>.

=head1 SUPPORT

=for stopwords irc

Bugs may be submitted through L<the RT bug tracker|https://rt.cpan.org/Public/Dist/Display.html?Name=Dist-Zilla-Plugin-CheckLib>
(or L<bug-Dist-Zilla-Plugin-CheckLib@rt.cpan.org|mailto:bug-Dist-Zilla-Plugin-CheckLib@rt.cpan.org>).
I am also usually active on irc, as 'ether' at C<irc.perl.org>.

=head1 SEE ALSO

=over 4

=item *

L<Devel::CheckLib>

=item *

L<Devel::AssertOS> and L<Dist::Zilla::Plugin::AssertOS>

=item *

L<Devel::CheckBin> and L<Dist::Zilla::Plugin::CheckBin>

=back

=head1 AUTHOR

Karen Etheridge <ether@cpan.org>

=head1 COPYRIGHT AND LICENSE

This software is copyright (c) 2014 by Karen Etheridge.

This is free software; you can redistribute it and/or modify it under
the same terms as the Perl 5 programming language system itself.

=cut
